---
title: "No Fear, Your Peers Are Here: Peer Mentoring in CLaSP"
collection: talks
type: "poster"
permalink: /talks/2021-04-15-clasp-pmp
venue: "Michigan Geophysical Union Student Research Symposium"
date: 2021-04-15
location: "Ann Arbor, MI"
---

A poster developed to explain the Peer Mentoring Program developed by PhD students for the Climate and Space department at the University of Michigan. The poster was written primarily by myself with significant contributions from co-organizers of the program Brett McCuen and Agnit Mukhopadhyay. Doğacan Ozturk and Yi-Hsuan Chen are acknowledged as past co-organizers of the Peer Mentoring Program.

Abstract: Over the past four years Ph.D. students have organized a peer mentoring program in the University of Michigan Ann Arbor Department of Climate and Space Sciences and Engineering (CLASP). The program was needed to ease the transition of first year students into graduate school. The peer mentoring program began as a light-weight pilot program designed to seed semi-professional friendships without over-burdening participants and organizers. Over time the program has evolved through the influence of the organizers and in response to constructive feedback to include more student populations and better address the unique concerns of CLASP students. During the year of 2020 in person meetings were prohibited due to public health concerns, so the mentoring program transitioned to a virtual format. The peer mentoring program has been a tremendous success by any measure; mentors and mentees have benefited from the program and expressed their resounding support for its continued operation.

[[PNG]](/files/2021-04-15-clasp-pmp.png)
